Update openLink documentation (#92)
mobile-dev-inc/maestro-docs: api-reference/commands/openlink.md

> ### Auto verification of your Android Apps&#x20;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Auto verification of your Android Apps
```

On Android, applications can declare intent filters for handling the opening of some links from specific domains.

If the app had implemented [App Links](https://developer.android.com/training/app-links#android-app-links) in order to verify the association with these domains by hosting a Digital Asset Links JSON file, the link would open the app automatically.

If not, the behavior would depend on the Android version of the device.

> Starting from Android 12, such apps needs for the user to manually verify the association of the app with the domains through the "Open by default" settings menu. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from Android 12, such apps need the user to manually verify the association of the app with the domains through the "Open by default" settings menu. 
```

### Opening web links in the browser for Android

It is possible with maestro to force open web links with the web browser (Chrome):

```yaml
- openLink: 
    link: https://example.com
    browser: true
```

In that case, setting `autoVerify` to true would skip the various Chrome onboarding screens.

| Accept                                                                                                    | Sign in                                                      | Sync                                                                                            | Notifications                                                    | Ad privacy                                         | Other ad privacy                                 |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------|

> | ![chrome_welcome_accept](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/95a899f7-a375-455c-91ff-e15e2cbf6c79) | ![chrome_welcome_account](../../.gitbook/assets/account.png) | ![chrome_sync](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8e790d27-fe89-470d-a28b-1bda8853f59d) | ![chrome_notifications](../../.gitbook/assets/notifications.png) | ![ad_privacy](../../.gitbook/assets/adprivacy.png) | ![ad_privacy](../../.gitbook/assets/otherad.png) |

Reviewer: I'm not sure that these demonstrations are necessary. WDYT?
